README.md, before:

# OpenSearch Job Scheduler

OpenSearch JobScheduler plugin provides a framework for OpenSearch plugin
developers to schedule periodical jobs running within OpenSearch nodes. You can schedule jobs
by specify an interval, or using Unix Cron expression to define more flexible schedule to execute
your job. 

OpenSearch plugin developers can easily extend JobScheduler plugin to schedule jobs like running
aggregation query against raw data and save the aggregated data into a new index every hour, or keep
monitoring the shard allocation by calling OpenSearch API and post the output to a Webhook.

## Build
The JobScheduler plugin uses the [Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/4.10.2/userguide/userguide.html)
build system.
1. Checkout this package from version control.
1. To build from command line set `JAVA_HOME` to point to a JDK >=14
1. Run `./gradlew build`

Then you will find the built artifact located at `build/distributions` directory

## Install
Once you have built the plugin from source code, run
```bash
opensearch-plugin install file://${PLUGIN_ZIP_FILE_PATH}
```
to install the JobScheduler plugin to your OpenSearch.

## Develop a plugin that extends JobScheduler
JobScheduler plugin provides a SPI for other plugins to implement. Essentially, you need to
1. Define your *JobParameter* type by implementing `ScheduledJobParameter` interface
1. Implement your JobParameter parser function that can deserialize your JobParameter from XContent
1. Create your *JobRunner* implementation by implementing `ScheduledJobRunner` interface
1. Create your own plugin which implements `JobSchedulerExtension` interface
   - don't forget to create the service provider configuration file in your resources folder and
   bundle it into your plugin artifact
   
Please refer to the `sample-extension-plugin` subproject in this project, which provides a complete
example of using JobScheduler to run periodical jobs.

The sample extension plugin takes an index name as input and logs the index shards to opensearch
logs according to the specified Schedule. And it also exposes a REST endpoint for end users to
create/delete jobs.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted an [Open Source Code of Conduct](https://www.opensearch.org/codeofconduct.html).


## Security issue notifications

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify AWS/Amazon Security via our [vulnerability reporting page](http://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/). Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.


## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

Commit message:

Bumping job-scheduler to build with OpenSearch(1.x) 1.1.0 (#44)
* Bumping job-scheduler to build with OpenSearch(1.x) 1.1.0

Signed-off-by: Sarat Vemulapalli <vemulapallisarat@gmail.com>

* Updating docs link to our documentation website.

Signed-off-by: Sarat Vemulapalli <vemulapallisarat@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenSearch Job Scheduler

OpenSearch JobScheduler plugin provides a framework for OpenSearch plugin
developers to schedule periodical jobs running within OpenSearch nodes. You can schedule jobs
by specify an interval, or using Unix Cron expression to define more flexible schedule to execute
your job. 

OpenSearch plugin developers can easily extend JobScheduler plugin to schedule jobs like running
aggregation query against raw data and save the aggregated data into a new index every hour, or keep
monitoring the shard allocation by calling OpenSearch API and post the output to a Webhook.

## Build
The JobScheduler plugin uses the [Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/4.10.2/userguide/userguide.html)
build system.
1. Checkout this package from version control.
1. To build from command line set `JAVA_HOME` to point to a JDK >=14
1. Run `./gradlew build`

Then you will find the built artifact located at `build/distributions` directory

## Install
Once you have built the plugin from source code, run
```bash
opensearch-plugin install file://${PLUGIN_ZIP_FILE_PATH}
```
to install the JobScheduler plugin to your OpenSearch.

## Develop a plugin that extends JobScheduler
JobScheduler plugin provides a SPI for other plugins to implement. Essentially, you need to
1. Define your *JobParameter* type by implementing `ScheduledJobParameter` interface
1. Implement your JobParameter parser function that can deserialize your JobParameter from XContent
1. Create your *JobRunner* implementation by implementing `ScheduledJobRunner` interface
1. Create your own plugin which implements `JobSchedulerExtension` interface
   - don't forget to create the service provider configuration file in your resources folder and
   bundle it into your plugin artifact
   
Please refer to the `sample-extension-plugin` subproject in this project, which provides a complete
example of using JobScheduler to run periodical jobs.

The sample extension plugin takes an index name as input and logs the index shards to opensearch
logs according to the specified Schedule. And it also exposes a REST endpoint for end users to
create/delete jobs.

## Contributing

See [developer guide](DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md) and [how to contribute to this project](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Getting Help

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please don't hesitate to open an issue in this repository.

For more information, see [project website](https://opensearch.org/) and [documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/). If you need help and are unsure where to open an issue, try [forums](https://discuss.opendistrocommunity.dev/).

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted an [Open Source Code of Conduct](https://www.opensearch.org/codeofconduct.html).


## Security issue notifications

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify AWS/Amazon Security via our [vulnerability reporting page](http://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/). Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.


## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.
